Hi everyone, I am Pepino from MSI Headquarter and today we are on the COMPUTEX booth on MSI.
And I'd like to introduce you to some really really nice case modding made by Soccer from Hungary. It's called MSI GAMING Dragon.
And it includes our X99A GAMING 9 ACK motherboard. It has lightning eyes and moving wings, and all the component are hidden inside the case, so it's really really nice
And I invite you to join us with Soccer to take a seat to see more about this mod.
I live in Hungary, Budapest. I work in the Hungarian State Opera. I make scenery and props
I started modding on my own machine. I made a bug from it, and I was satisfied with it.
Later, it came to my attention that there are others in Hungary with similar interests like me. I went to them and I decided that I try myself.
As usual, there were plenty of ideas between two Plexiglas hang a machine, or a big dragon's body hidden in the machine. But there wasn't enough time for all that.
In the end we decided to make a Dragon-PC hybrid.
The hardest part was making the dragon in unique character. It had to be mean, but a little bit kind, and wise.
The inspiration to this idea came from MSI GAMING Series motherboard parts.
We tried to follow the color scheme of this motherboard, that is the red and the black, it is very important in this case.
Following this color scheme then this Gaming Dragon Mod was born.
I don't know the exact work hour that we had put in it, but many times I worked on this mod until late night whit my friend BaluC,
who helped me on the whole project, so it could be finished before deadline.
The hardest part was making the character of the dragon.
I'm most proud of the dragon character. The shape of the body and the painting.
And work together with my friend BaluC, who helped me a lot in this project, and co-work to create this mod.
The air-brush is what I would like to highlight, and the head, and the sculpting of it. The wings' movement is also an important visual effect of this mod.
The most proud of? The Design. The eye, I did the whole thing.
The base paint, so Soccer could do the airbrushing on it. The tail and the most proud of the co-working!
The working together it was very important to finish it in time!
Don't give up, of course! Not even when it seems no reason to continue that mod.
Not even when you have to sacrifice money on it and not even when you don't win on a contest or on an event.
I think the greatest creations are made when you make it for yourself, and not for others.